The session started with a flashback of [[Percival (REDACTED), The Forgotten]] (*our intro to Eva's character*) running through the [[Riparian Thicket Wilds]] a couple years ago. Here we learn that the Riparian Thicket is a huge forest that sits on an oceans that’s miles deep. As Screeble floats on a raft they come across a huge willow tree before hearing a voice.

We cut to present day [[Hira]], [[(1) Solris Satmor|Solris]], and [[Basil]]  floating down the river on Solris’ [[(2) Lighthouse Longboat|Longboat]]. We see Basil, a goat shepherd, looking over the rim of the boat. A bumble comes up and Basil reaches into his pocket to grab some treats, accidentally dropping a pink orchid, a symbol of the rebellion.

We flashback to a couple days after the end of the great wars. Basil is going around its home doing its normal chores when it hears a knock on the door. A young [[Beau]] enters asking for a place to stay for the night. Basil says yes, grabs some tea, and offers for Beau to take off his coat. He says no and Basil notices Beau talking to someone. Afterwards a bumble with human teeth bites Basil seemingly randomly.

FLASHFORWARD to the present we see Hira making a snack on board the boat. She burns some food and lights a candle to clear the smell.

FLASHBACK a couple days after [[(1) Session One (Wanderhome)|Session One]]. Hira is staying behind to help Amira readjust in a tavern. Hira then heard a loud noise from the back of the tavern and followed a small creature with a wake of destruction. Eventually they bumped into beau and took sight of the small figure under his cloak. Beau says he’s been studying demons but quickly leaves.

FLASHFORWARD to present. A bumble has eaten a bit of the snacks, counter, and cutting board. The boat gang then has dinner and afterwards we follow Solris back to the top of his boat. We see him get some mail and study the stars with a lunar map. 

FLASHBACK to Solris’ 1st day as a moth tender: He delivered a package to a room above the tavern. When he knocks on the door, Beau opens it. He takes the package but hits [[Kago|something in his coat that makes a yelp]]. He quickly signs the paper and slams the door shut. Solris walks down to the restaurant part of the tavern and in the middle of rush hour. They're overexcited and a bit clumsy after delivering their first package, causing them to accidentally bump into a server. A knife falls off the server's tray and slices Solris' arm leaving a large gash behind. **This is the first time Solris had every been significantly hurt.** 

FLASH FORWARD. The boat gang goes to sleep and wakes up to some loud arguing in a shed next to the river. After sending multiple small friends to investigate, the gang realizes it’s [[The Author]] and [[Absol]] fighting over Absol’s outfit. He’s been stuck in a princess outfit for a month but The Author helps to take it off. The group gets back on the boat and notes that they’ve arrived at a small fishing port. Absol gets kicked off the boat and the group goes into town to get stuff.

They meet Anastasia: a hyper kid, two cubed-shaped toads, and an old lady who tells the group there is no way the boat is going to fit down the river. After offering her two-foot-long raft, she mentions that they might have some luck with a deeply magical kith. The gang travels to where Meta lives and they teleport the boat and the crew all on top of a house.

Screebl Gorbo III comes out and we jump forward to when everyone is inside and having tea. After looking away from the boat Solris notices the boat is just gone. He smells a little bit of powerful daemon magic. 

The gang heads to the center of [[Pulp]] while walking through trees. As they arrive they notice a may pole, a hand washing station cave, and scavenger hunt. They also notice that many kith here are exotic animals for this region and those animals seem to be clipping through the ground a bit. The gang ignores this behavior and instead heads to the hand washing station.

In line they spot [[Beau]] waiting in the family line seemingly by themselves. Some of the gang then tries to get his attention before breaking regions' culture by breaking the line. They get called out by a toad, but everyone but the author still goes into the cave. There they find a moonpool and Beau hunched over it with a jar in hand seemingly about to do some type of ritual instead of the usual bathing. Beau then pulls out a knife and threatens everyone to not come any closer. Basil comes closer.

(I do not remember the exact order of all these actions but) Basil walks up and is frozen by a voice in his coat. Hira positions themself behind Basil and tries to talk to beau. Beau refuses to listen. [[Kago|The thing in the coat]] jumps into the water. Solris rushes up and grabs the knife and gets cut. He then drops the knife and jumps in. Beau sees this and turns to jump in but Hira grabs him, pulling herself into the pool with him. 

Basil, Gorbo, and The Author are now left above water while the rest are in it. Gorbo picks up the dropped knife. The author gets the run down of what happened and is told to get the “pets" out of here. The author starts to head out with the pets while Gorbo and Basil head into the water. 

Hira and Beau are sinking. Beau after punching Hira off of him realizes with the stuff he is carrying he will drown falling into the inky blackness. Hira sees this and goes to rescue him. They quickly realize that they physically can't and on feeling a presence in the inky blackness they reach out to them. “Hira '' becomes unconscious while their feathers all turn to a raven's black. They suddenly gain extreme power and are able to grab beau and swim him up to a surface where Solris now is.

While that was all happening Solris was chasing this furry orca wolf thing smelling the same smell when the boat disappeared. They follow it to an underwater [[Sea Witch's Lagoon|lagoon]] and see it running towards a cabin on the other side. Here is when Hira and Beau surface both passed out on the shore. Soon after Basil and Gorbo arrive at the lagoon. Basil checks on both of the passed out people. It notices Beau is faking it and gives him the handkerchief Beau had given it a while ago in the past. Basil and Gorbo then head to the shack. 

The creature Solris is following heads into the shack through a small crack in the door. Solris can see that the beast is talking to this figure but can't mentally see this figure. This is when Basil and Gorbo arrive and Gorbo immediately knocks on the door. Basil taps its staff on the ground and its bees come bringing The Author into the lagoon and in front of the shack. The door opens and we see a [[Sea Witch|tall mermaid-like figure with a human top, jellyfish hair, no face just glowing eyes like the ones Hira saw]]. Speaking of Hira, Basil chooses to look at its friend and see Beau's jaw, impossibly big over her body. Hira wakes up at this moment and realizes that beau is doing CPR, Basil does not recognize this immediately.

At this moment, Gorbo and Solris give their full attention to the creature along with The Author who yells “HI MOM”. Basil, Beau, and Hira’s attention goes to the whole situation with Basil starting to run over to them. Hira casts a time stop spell with Basil Hira and Beau inside but Beau immediately runs out of it. Gorbo and Solris are welcomed into the cabin but the door is shut in The Authors face.

 In the shack, the Sea Witch says that Solris has something of hers. Solris gives her the [[(3) Solris' Packages|violin]], and is given a golden harp. Solris begins to glow as they start to play along with Gorbo shaking their tail. They play the song of revelation. Everyone in the lagoon remembers how the world used to be. How to hurt each other, how to use weapons, to change the world. After they are done playing, Solris’ harp turns into a [[The Heavenblade|blade]].

Beau at this point runs into the shack and grabs the beast tucking themselves in a corner. Basil and Hira arrive at the shack just in time for the sea witch to explain. Their world is not in order after the final day of the great war violence and changed ceased to exist. The world itself is falling decaying without change and unchecked systems are able to stay in power. To change the world we need the bones of the [[Kago|The Slobbering God]]. You all were tasked with finding them and Gorbo specifically was told to find them in a threatening way. Almost if they would lose something if they didn't. Then the sea witch disappeared.

Beau takes the opportunity to speak up and explains that he has spent his whole life dedicated to [[Kago]] (the reincarnation of the Slobbering God and the beast you were all chasing) and that if you guys were going to try to stop him he would hurt everyone. He also explains that Kago works as a bag of holding and that they ate Solris' boat because they were hungry (*They thought fruit grew on trees and the boat was in a tree)*. After some arguing, Beau and Kago agree to join the party and we head out of the cave. [[Basil]] asks for the handkerchief back.

That's where we pick up next session.

#Wanderhome #Wanderhome_Session_Notes 